Add Storage upload inputStream doc (#2879)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/storage/fragments/android/upload.md

> ## Upload inputStream
> To upload to S3 from a data object, specify the key and the `InputStream` to be uploaded. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amplify allows you to upload `File`s and `InputStream`s.

## Upload InputStream
To upload data to S3 from an `InputStream`:
```

<amplify-block-switcher>
<amplify-block name="Java">

```java
private void uploadInputStream() {
    InputStream exampleInputStream = getContentResolver().openInputStream(uri);

    Amplify.Storage.uploadInputStream(
            "ExampleKey",
            exampleInputStream,
            result -> Log.i("MyAmplifyApp", "Successfully uploaded: " + result.getKey()),
            storageFailure -> Log.e("MyAmplifyApp", "Upload failed", storageFailure)
    );
}
```

</amplify-block>
<amplify-block name="Kotlin">

```kotlin
private fun uploadInputStream() {
    val exampleInputStream = getContentResolver().openInputStream(uri)

    Amplify.Storage.uploadInputStream(
        "ExampleKey",
        exampleInputStream,

>         { result-> Log.i("MyAmplifyApp", "Successfully uploaded: " + result.getKey()) },
>         { storageFailure-> Log.e("MyAmplifyApp", "Upload failed", storageFailure) }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        { Log.i("MyAmplifyApp", "Successfully uploaded: ${it.getKey()}.") },
        { Log.e("MyAmplifyApp", "Upload failed", it) }
```

</amplify-block>
</amplify-block-switcher>

> ## Upload inputStream

Reviewer 2: Let's put this one _above_ `uploadFile`, as it is the more commonly used one on Android.  iOS is also similar - they have `uploadData` (equivalent of `uploadInputStream`) above `uploadFile`

> To upload to S3 from a data object, specify the key and the InputStream to be uploaded. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To upload to S3 from a data object, specify the key and the `InputStream` to be uploaded. 
```

<amplify-block-switcher>
<amplify-block name="Java">

```java
private void uploadInputStream() {

>     InputStream exampleInputStream = new ByteArrayInputStream(RandomBytes.bytes());

Reviewer 2: For the sample, can you generate how to obtain the `InputStream` from a `Uri`?  A `Uri` is what you get back from the Android file/photo picker, so this is the most common use case that customers will be needing.
